# Data Solution Project.
This is a data analysis project done for a Fashion Brand with stores in are major metropolitan cities in India.
## Project Summary
A fashion brand (name won't be disclose) dataset needed to be restructured for investors to review growth and make informed decision tha will either make or mar stakeholders interest. 
## Project Details.
Here is the database
- <a href="https://github.com/TheOCJorsh/Data-Solution-Project-/blob/main/supply_chain_dataset.csv">View/Download Database</a>

## My Focused KPI.
1. Using the major product identify the following
   - Product with highest grossing Customer Demographics
   - Quantity ordered by Customer Demographics
   - Revenue generated by Customer Demographics
2. Product with the highest/lowest Shipping cost by modes and Customer Demographics
3. Average delivery time by Supplier, and other important details to motivate current & incoming investors to our products.

## My Delievry Process.
- Cleaned database in excel (approx values, products, unneccesary spaces, identify PK etc.)
- Created a pivot to see financial estimations and possible trend for future projections.
- identify customer demographics as regards product purchased with shopping cost.
- Determine which delivery mode works best as well as customer location & demographics.
- Import database to PowerBI and a current/futuristic visual models of the companies possibilities
- Identify best selling products & best supplier profile regarding revenue generation.

## My Designed Dasboard
Here is the Dasboard
- <a href="https://github.com/TheOCJorsh/Data-Solution-Project-/blob/main/Supply%20chain%20dashboard.png">View Dasboard</a>

## My Final Outcome
Upon all the cross refrencing, data analytics and dashboard set top, i was able to respond to all My Focused KPI, as well as share a conclusion about the database.
The company is really doing well in terms of revenue but with a scarce profit margin against the manufacturing cost which is what will either attract or repel investors.
So, the company should look into lowering manufacturing cost in other to drive more sales margin  
